membuat,make,indonesian;verb,
melihat,see,indonesian;verb,look
melempar,throw,indonesian;verb,
memberi,give,verb;indonesian,
membayar,pay,indonesian;verb,
membuka,open,verb;indonesian,
membantu,help,indonesian;verb,
membangun,build,indonesian;verb,
memjual,sell,indonesian;verb,
memcoba,try,indonesian;verb,
mencari,looking for,indonesian;verb,
menjadi,become,indonesian;verb,get
mendorong,push,indonesian;verb,boost
mendapat,receive,indonesian;verb,get
menjaga,protect,indonesian;verb,guard
mendengar,hear,indonesian;verb,
memilih,choose,indonesian;verb,
memanggil,call,indonesian;verb,
memesan,order,indonesian;verb,reserve
menurut,obey,indonesian;verb,follow
menarik,pull,indonesian;verb,interesting
menolak,refuse,indonesian;verb,decline / object
menunggu,wait,indonesian;verb,
menerima,receive,indonesian;verb,get / accept (gift from someone)
menutup,close,indonesian;verb,shut
mengerti,understand,indonesian;verb,
mengingat,remember,indonesian;verb,
mengajar,teach,indonesian;verb,
mengambil,take,indonesian;verb,make
mengisi,fill,indonesian;verb,
mengubah,change,indonesian;verb,transform
menghilang,disappear,indonesian;verb,gone / missing
menghadap,face,indonesian;verb,verb
mengganggu,bother,indonesian;verb,disturb
menggali,dig,indonesian;verb,
mengganti,change,indonesian;verb,replace
menggambar,draw,indonesian;verb,
menyapu,sweep,indonesian;verb,
menyapa,greet,indonesian;verb,say
menyewa,rent,indonesian;verb,
menyentuh,touch,indonesian;verb,
menyusun,arrange,indonesian;verb,
mengandung,pregnant,indonesian;verb,contains / have
mengejar,chase,indonesian;verb,after
mengirim,send,indonesian;verb,
menyanyi,sing,indonesian;verb,
menyala,light,indonesian;verb,light up / lit
merawat,to look after,indonesian;verb,to take care of
merusak,damage,indonesian;verb,break / spoil
nul,zero,indonesian;number,
satu,one,indonesian;number,
dua,two,indonesian;number,
tiga,three,indonesian;number,
empat,four,indonesian;number,
lima,five,indonesian;number,
enam,six,indonesian;number,
tujuh,seven,indonesian;number,
delapan,eight,indonesian;number,
sembilan,nine,indonesian;number,
sepulu,ten,indonesian;number,
sebelas,eleven,indonesian;number,
dua belas,twelve,indonesian;number,
nomor,number,indonesian;number,
lusin,dozen,indonesian;number,
tiga puluh,thirty,indonesian;number,
juta,million,indonesian;number,
ribu,thousand,indonesian;number,
ratus,hundred,indonesian;number,
kedua,second,indonesian;number,
pertama,first,indonesian;number,
miliar,bilion,indonesian;number,
garu,new,indonesian;noun,
betul,correct,indonesian;noun,true / right (logically)
banyak,a lot of,indonesian;noun,much / good deal
hangat,warm,indonesian;noun,
kecil,small,indonesian;noun,little
dingin,cold,indonesian;noun,
sedikit,few,indonesian;noun,a little bit
tua,old,indonesian;noun,
jelek,ugly,indonesian;noun,
panjang,long,indonesian;noun,length 
pendek,short,indonesian;noun,
cantik,pretty,indonesian;noun,beautiful
tinggi,tall,indonesian;noun,height / high
jauh,far,indonesian;noun,away
jelas,clear,indonesian;noun,
sangat,very,indonesian;noun,highly / extremely
dekat,nearby,indonesian;noun,near / close
kotor,dirty,indonesian;noun,
miskin,poor,indonesian;noun,
bersih,clean,indonesian;noun,
sulit,hard,indonesian;noun,difficult
pintar,smart,indonesian;noun,bright / clever
sempurna,perfect,indonesian;noun,
mudah,easy,indonesian;noun,simple / convenient 
rusak,damaged,indonesian;noun,broken / out of order
bodoh,stupid,indonesian;noun,dumb
biasa,ordinary,indonesian;noun,normal / common
lain,different,indonesian;noun,other / another
sedih,sad,indonesian;noun,
bahagia,happy,indonesian;noun,
mirip,ressemble,indonesian;noun,similar
penuh,full,indonesian;noun,whole
kemaran,yesterday,indonesian;noun,
cara,way of doing it,indonesian;noun,
masak,cook,indonesian;verb,
gampang,easy,indonesian;noun,
adu,ouch,indonesian;noun,
langit,sky,indonesian;noun,
bunga,flower,indonesian;noun,
nyenyak,rest well,indonesian;noun,
tambah,plus,indonesian;number,add
kurang,minus,indonesian;number,less
kali,times,indonesian;number,multipled
menyimpan,keep,indonesian;verb,store
gelap,dark,indonesian;adjective,
buruk,bad,indonesian;adjective,negative
indah,beautiful,indonesian;adjective,pretty / lovely (for a place not a person)
tampan,handsome,indonesian;adjective,
baik,good,indonesian;adjective,well
terang,bright,indonesian;adjective,light / clear
nakal,naughty,indonesian;adjective,bad boy/girl
sederhana,simple,indonesian;adjective,modest
berat,heavy,indonesian;adjective,weight
ringan,light,indonesian;adjective,(weight)
ramah,friendly,indonesian;adjective,amiable / kind
rumit,complicated ,indonesian;adjective,
cukup,enough ,indonesian;adjective,quite / sufficient 
umum,public,indonesian;adjective,
ragu,doubtful,indonesian;adjective,uncertain / hesitate
lebih,more,indonesian;adjective,past
mantap,steady,indonesian;adjective,
khusus,special,indonesian;adjective,only
lucu,funny,indonesian;adjective,cute
jahat,evil,indonesian;adjective,bad
kering,dry,indonesian;adjective,
serius,serious,indonesian;adjective,
bagus,good,indonesian;adjective,nice
basah,wet,indonesian;adjective,
sebentar,in a moment,indonesian;adjective,a minute
sehat,healthy,indonesian;adjective,well / fine
sakit,sick,indonesian;adjective,unwell / ill
utama,main,indonesian;adjective,primary
lama,long time,indonesian;adjective,old
resmi,formal,indonesian;adjective,official 
siap,ready,indonesian;adjective,prepared
buka,open,indonesian;adjective,
hilang,missing,indonesian;adjective,last / gone
tutup,close,indonesian;adjective,closed
sesuai,suitable,indonesian;adjective,appropriate / fits
lembut,gentle,indonesian;adjective,soft / soft-hearted
lebar,wide,indonesian;adjective,large
sempit,tight,indonesian;adjective,cramped
keras,hard,indonesian;adjective,though / loud
berbahaya,dangerous ,indonesian;adjective,hazardous 
laki laki,man,indonesian;family,
perempuan,women,indonesian;family,
ibu,mother,indonesian;family,
ayah,father,indonesian;family,
seorang,a,indonesian;noun,an
anak,child,indonesian;family,son / kid
orang tua,parents,indonesian;family,
kakak,older siblings,indonesian;family,sister
istri,wife,indonesian;family,
suami,husband,indonesian;family,man
adik,younger sibling,indonesian;family,
keponakan,niece,indonesian;family,nephew
pasangan,spouse,indonesian;family,pair / couple
kakek,grandfather,indonesian;family,
nenek,grandmother,indonesian;family,
orang,person,indonesian;family,man / people
meninggal,died,indonesian;verb,pass away
cucu,grandchildren,indonesian;family,
menikah,married,indonesian;family,
sepupu,cousin,indonesian;family,
